So how should you prepare your Angular application for deployment?
There are a couple of steps through which you should walk and through which I'll walk you now
and the first is that you should use and check environment variables.
That's something we haven't done thus far and I will show you what I mean with that point and how you
can use environment variables,
what that is and why you might want to use that.
Well of course you should
also polish and test your code and that is what we did throughout this course already,
for example in the optimizations and modules course section, I already showed you some important polishments
or code optimizations like lazy loading.
So it's of course things like that which you should implement and obviously, you should test your application,
run it, try out different things, try working with it as your users would work with it.
Once you're done with all of that, you can build your application for production and that means that
you run a command that takes all your TypeScript code, compiles it to Javascript, then bundles all your
code together, translates it into Angular language
so to say, so that the Angular renderer can work with it in the browser and bundle everything up and
optimize it to be as small as possible because the application you're shipping has to be downloaded
by every user using your website and therefore, it should be as small as possible so that your users
have to download as little as possible and you do all that with the ng build --prod command.
You already saw that in the optimizations module because you also need to run this to implement ahead
of time compilation and that's just one of the many optimizations the Angular CLI does for you behind
the scenes.
Now once you're done with that, once you built your app, you can deploy these build artifacts, these generated
files to a static host
and now what is a static host? A static host is a web server that is capable of serving HTML, Javascript
and CSS but that's not capable of running any server-side language, like PHP or NodeJS.
Why?
Because you only need HTML, Javascript and CSS because an Angular app is made up of just that.
Of course you can have some back-end code,
for example we are using Firebase in this course.
This could be your own back-end which you wrote with your own language and you should definitely check out
my MEAN.
Course regarding that because there I do show you how to build your own back-end with NodeJS as well
but if you're just working with Angular, if you're just building a single page application and you're
not working on the back-end on your own, then you in the end have just HTML, Javascript and CSS and all
you need for that is a web server that is capable of serving these files.
So now, let's walk through these steps together,
most importantly the build and the deployment steps of course
and let's see how that works.